REF ID:A56932

This manual supersedes TM 11-484, 20 March 1945, and TM 11-485, 8 June 1944

PART ONE
ELEMENTARY MILITARY CRYPTOGRAPHY

CHAPTER I
INTRODUCTION
 
Section I. GENERAL

1. Scope

This manual consists of two parts as follows:

a. Part one is an introduction to the elementary principles of military
cryptography. In this part a few typical examples of cipher systems and
code systems are presented; the procedure in cryptographing and decryp—
tographing by means of the systems is shown in detail; methods of pre-
paring keys suitable for use in connection with them are illustrated;
errors and their correction are discussed; and ﬁnally, a few of the most
important precautions to be observed in safeguarding systems and
cryptograms from enemy cryptanalysts are set forth. Only such con-
siderations as apply to military cryptography are included.

I). Part two develops the principles established in part one and treats
of the more advanced systems. Following the presentation sequence of
part one, transposition systems are discussed ﬁrst, then substitution
systems. Considerable attention is devoted to combined substitution and
transposition methods. Following this is a description of a limited number
of cipher devices and machines, together with a discussion of their
present-day limitations. Finally, code systems are discussed brieﬂy with
special emphasis upon enciphered code systems.

2. Developments in Cryptography

a. Cryptography is by no means a static art or science and viewpoints
are always undergoing change; what is regarded as wholly impracticable
today may, through some unforeseen improvement in technique, become
feasible tomorrow, and it is unwise to condemn a system too hastily.
For example, before World War I, and indeed for the ﬁrst 2 years of
that conﬂict, the use of codebooks in the theater of operations was
